Description
================

This script takes a SQL file generated by mysqldump that may include one or more databases and extracts a database or table specified via command line arguments.

**WARNING**: Use this script use at your own risk. I suggest checking output file to confirm that all has gone fine.


Installation
============

Checkout the script:

```bash
$ wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cperezcerrato/mysqldump-extract/master/mysqldump-extract /usr/local/bin/
```

Set permissions:
```bash
$ chmod +x /usr/local/bin/mysqldump-extract
```
Feel free to place the script in any path you want.

Usage
=====

```bash
$ mysqldump-extract -h
mysqldump-extract extract databases and tables from file generated by mysqldump.
Usage: mysqldump-extract -d -f FILE [-h] [-t TABLE] -o OUTFILE
   -h      Display this message.
   -d      Database.
   -f      File to extract.
   -t      Table.
   -o      Destination file.
```

To extract database (example_db) from input file (all_databases.sql):
```bash
$ mysqldump-extract -f all_databases.sql -o example_db.sql -d example_db
```

To extract table (table_example) belongs to example_db included in input file (all_databases.sql which include many databases):
```bash
$ mysqldump-extract -f all_databases.sql -o example_db.sql -d example_db -t table_example
```

If you want to extract table (table_example) from input file thats contains only one database (exapmple_db.sql), you don't need to specify database as an argument.
```bash
$ mysqldump-extract -f exapmple_db.sql -o example_db.sql -t table_example
```


License and Author
==================
Copyright (C) May, 2014 Carlos Perez Cerrato <cperezcerrato@gmail.com>

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
